Open Letter to Steve Huffman and the Board of Directors of Reddit, Inc– If you believe in standing up to hate and supporting black lives, you need to act
Younger women, do you ever feel like you won’t be able to achieve your goals in life? Why?
Gay Ladies of Reddit, how do you deal with a crush on a straight girl?
Has an ex ever expressed guilt for how they treated you in the past? How did you react?
How old are you, and would you date a person who still lived at home?
What is your take on housewives stashing away money in case the relationship goes south?
How to know if a guy is fuck boy?
Turning 30 this year. Did you like your twenties or your thirties better? Why?
What's your definition of a picky eater?
Women who really, truly changed yourselves for the better, what's your story?
What can someone say to a female friend who is too hard on themself when it comes to weight, looks, etc ?
What product or service do you always feel justified in splurging on?
Have you ever broken up with someone you still loved. Why? How did you feel afterwards?
People who enjoy dancing at parties, how would you explain the appeal to someone who always hates it/feels awkward doing so?
What do you miss about past decades?
Women that have gone through Basic Training, what was your experience like?
How do you crawl out of an emotional pit of despair?
How do you know your dating standards are low?
What do you think of the vote to make Washington DC the 51st state of the US?
How do you deal with a situation whereby your family and friends think you are lazy because you are following your dream which isn't paying you yet?
How would you feel about someone opening up about past sexual trauma at the start of a relationship?
Girls who use to be nerdy and hardworking kids in high school . . . . How's your life now?
How was your sense of humour formed?
How do you keep yourself from being insecure in a relationship?
Women who managed to overcome perfectionism, how did you do it?
Women who are bipolar, what does low level mania feel like and how successful are you at recognizing the shift from a low to a high?
What's the most intense thing you've done "in the name of beauty"?
What are the characteristic of a hook-up app vs an app for relationships?
Where do you get your illegal drugs?
Those who've tried intermittent fast (IF), what's been your experience with 'longer' intervals? (E.g., 5:2 or alternate day fasting, as opposed to 10:14 or 16:8). How did you feel compared to with other methods?
Where does the idea that a woman should dress more conservatively when she gets married/of marriageable age come from?
How often do you take pain medication when on your period?
What is your best (platonic) “I feel like we’ve met before” moment?
What was your memorable prom experience?
What’s your story of finding the right person at the wrong time, and eventually ending up together after time apart?
How do you deal with ignorant people?
Women who grew up shy/single, how did you deal with male attention as you got older ?
Given the movement to have people of color to play cartoon characters (and live action characters) of color, do you think that female cartoon characters should only be voiced by female actors? What do you think?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of your SO’s parents?
What is a secret passtime you have that would be difficult to explain to your SO?
What is your opinion on defunding the police?
Career change, what led you to it?
Fellow women of reddit: Why are you not a magician?
Women who got teeth whitening done, what products did you use? What you recommend it?
What’s the weirdest fictional crush you’ve ever had?
Why do some women become baby Mama's, where is the self-respect?
Women who have a certain type you tend to date, how much of a chance does a person have who is a totally different type or is the complete opposite type you tend to go for?
When to “take a break” in a relationship?
How do you successfully chill alone at a restaurant/hotel bar, beach/pool, etc without being hit on or others talking to you?
What do you think Thanksgiving and Christmas will be like during this pandemic? Will there be Black Friday? Will the holidays be the same?
