Askmen Coronavirus Response
Black Lives Matter
Why men don't talk about their problems even with friends?
How do you stop yourself from planning a future with someone?
What would your reaction be if a woman in her thirties told you she hadn’t been sexually active for over ten years because of a past trauma, but that she’s ready now?
How does your SO wearing revealing clothing make you feel?
Men who go to bars to drink alone or with other regulars why not just drink at home?
How to be taken more seriously??
What can I do to stop people assuming I'm a child molester?
How do you handle the nervousness/excitement of a new relationship?
No but seriously, why are some non-black men intimidated to approach black women they find attractive?
What is something you noticed after you lost a significant amount of weight?
At what age were you ready to accept compliments properly?
When was the last time you saw another guy and thought "Damn, that's a handsome dude?"
What do men like to talk about on first dates?
What is something that a teacher has told you that has stuck with you your whole life?
How do you deal with ignorant people?
Married men of Reddit, when looking at the bed from where your feet normally are, what side of the bed do you sleep on?
Why don’t you go down on your female partner?
Men who have been married 2+ times and have been with their current partner for 12+ years, what have you learned in terms of finding a partner, or about becoming a better partner?
How do I make my pregnant wife feel beautiful?
How do you politely but directly ask an older women out?
How would you feel when a girl wrote a song about you?
What are some signs that you're an asshole?
What’s a time that you’ve been dismissed by a doctor, if ever?
What "YOLO" thing would you do if you had a year off in your mid-20s?
Men of reddit, what is the sweetest thing your girlfriend/boyfriend/partner has done for you?
What is the longest you've gone without getting a crush? Have you ever gone years without crossing paths with someone you thought would make a good partner?
What was the one moment when you realized how cool your dad actually is?
What's the best way to respond to nudes?
How do you meet new girls right now?
How do you feel being labeled as the “chill“ guy?
Are your parents proud of you? How do you know?
what would u do if ur friend said he thinks ur wife is ugly and u could do better?
What is a male body problem that women would know nothing about?
Just matched with a girl on Tinder who wants to meet late at night, however, I’m with my parents. How do I escape to go meet her?
Whats your type, personality and appearance wise?
What would it take for you to switch your fan hood from your favorite team
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What was your favourite "me and the boys" moment?
Men who have man boobs how do you hide them
How much is too much when it comes to saying 'I love you' in a relationship?
What is something that doesn’t normally turn you on, but if your partner was into it you would absolutely do it/their enthusiasm about it would turn you on?
What’s your favourite car under $30,000?
How do I stop my fat pad from pressing my pecker against anything I wear?
When was the last time you were excited about dating a woman?
How did you attract a girlfriend?
Fathers, what was your first impression of your daughter's boyfriend vs how you feel about him now?
How do you start something new?
What's the most awkward love confession you have given or received?
